URL: https://endfield.wiki.gg/wiki/%C3%86thergate

Updated for Beta Test II
The information on this page has been verified and updated to reflect the game state as of 
Beta Test II
.


Cosmic Gate
Other names

Aethergate, Stargate
In Other Languages
Chinese


星门
Japanese


星門
Korean


별의 문


The 
Cosmic Gate
 is a massive portal linking 
Terra
 and 
Talos-II
. Operational for only five years after humanity's first arrival on Talos-II, the Gate was lost during the opening hours of the 
First Aggeloi War
 in Year 5, severing all connection between the two worlds. Its current status remains unknown.



Overview




Cosmic Gates represent a classification of precursor transportation infrastructure whose operational principles remain only partially understood by contemporary science. On 
Terra
, these structures were positioned at both the northern and southern extremities of the planet's major continents. Talos-II, by contrast, possesses only one confirmed Cosmic Gate, located at its northern polar region.

When discovered by humanity, both Cosmic Gates on Terra were found in states of severe damage. Through immense effort, researchers managed to restore the less-damaged northern structure, commonly called the "Sami Cosmic Gate". Exploration revealed it led to what was initially termed "subspace," though this has since been determined not to be a true 
Ætherside
. After countless attempts and sacrifices, following the reactivation of the precursor celestial calculation and measurement device known as the "
Celestial Fulcrum
" within Terra's home star system, humanity finally identified the Cosmic Gate's paired counterpart. This breakthrough allowed the first steps onto the soil of Talos-II.

During the colonization of Talos-II, humanity exercised deliberate caution by refraining from any modifications to the planet's Cosmic Gate. This prudent approach meant no additional Cosmic Gates were discovered in the process. However, scientists across the 
Civilization Band
 widely maintain that other Cosmic Gates must exist within Talos-II's star system.

This vital passage between Terra and Talos-II remained operational for five years until the outbreak of the 
First Aggeloi War
, when humanity lost access to the Talos-II Cosmic Gate. Today, the Talos-II Cosmic Gate lies shrouded beneath the Aurora of Talos-II, beyond the reach of human activity. Its current condition, along with the status of Terra on the other side, has become inaccessible to human knowledge.



― "Cosmic Gate", Nexus Files


Navigation


View or edit this template
Setting
Overview


Talos-II


OMV Dijiang


Originium


Ætherside


Blight


Race


Cosmic Gate


Terra


First Aggeloi War


Civilization Band


Automated Industry Complex
 (AIC)


Protocol-Originium


Xiranite


Reconveners


Landbreakers


Nefarith


Aggeloi


Factions


Endfield Industries


Rhodes Island


United Workers' Syndicates of Talos-II
 (UWST)


Hongshan Academy of Sciences
 (HAS)


Talos-II General Chamber of Commerce
 (TGCC)


Order of Steel Oath


Cabal of Tranquility


Hannabit Circuit


Seš'qa


Samifjod


Free Cities

La Fantoma


Kjersch


Alloycarrot


New Wrankwood


Neo Tsukushi


Manufacturers


Raythean Industries


Mieszko Industries


Northmarch Support Hub


Portable Æthertech Labs


Fort Forgefane


Witching Hour


Locations


Valley IV


Wuling


Wuling City


Talos City


Mat' Gorodov


Industrial Mothership









