URL: https://endfield.wiki.gg/wiki/Aggeloi

Notice
This page contains content that is 
outdated
 and may no longer reflect the current state of the game.


Aggeloi
In Other Languages
Chinese


天使
Japanese


アンゲロス
Korean


천사
General Information
Status

Active


Our history at 
Talos-II
 is essentially a chronicle of our never-ending war against the Aggeloi.
― 
Perlica


The 
Aggeloi
 (Koine Greek: ἄγγελοι, pronounced [anˈɡeloi]; plural of ἄγγελος, aggelos; literally: "messengers") are a type of enemy in 
Arknights: Endfield
. They are hostile, animated entities composed of natural matter and a halo structure, created by Ankhors through catalytic construction. The Aggeloi have been the primary threat to human civilization on 
Talos-II
.



Contents




1
 
Overview


2
 
Enemies


3
 
Relevant Files


4
 
Navigation






Overview




The Aggelos (
plural
 Aggeloi) refers to any hostile and animated entity comprising natural matter and a halo structure, and is created by an Ankhor via catalytic construction. Throughout the history of humanity's expansion across Talos-II, the Aggeloi have always been our primary threat. The Aggeloi War is so named because of the enemy we fought.

There are 4 currently verified modes of Aggeloid behavior: (1) construction; (2) deconstruction; (3) mimicry; and (4) attacking humans / human-built objects. However, since the Ankhor-induced Aggeloi formation process resembles that of industrial production, we are uncertain if the Aggeloi can be classified as a living or biological lifeform.

The construct pattern of an Aggeloid entity refers to its outward appearance, mode of movement, and means of attack. A single Ankhor tends to create Aggeloi with only a limited number of construct patterns, though they may include occasional non- or alter-pattern variants. Hence, an Ankhor's property is defined by the range of Aggeloid construct patterns it can create.

Since the First Aggeloi War, humanity has encountered new construct patterns of Aggeloi, giving rise to the 
Standard Aggeloid Classification
 (SAC) system. SAC is designed to help users search and identify weaknesses and best tactics for neutralizing a particular Aggelos.

Currently, most Aggeloid threats come in the form of raids stemming from unknown sources or random Ankhorfalls. Nevertheless, humanity's history records described how the entirety of the Northern Frontier was destroyed within 24 hours after the First Aggeloi War broke out.

The Aggelos is likely to remain as the most dangerous challenge to human civilization on Talos-II.



― "Aggeloi", Nexus Files


Enemies






Common









Advanced









Elite









Boss



Enemy "
Marble Aggelomoirai
" not found in database




Relevant Files




ACCESS AUTHORITY LEVEL: Special

Optical code: 2b5d05d3594b83ba20afb78c9c8ab624078eea62

BUG/WIRE SCAN: Passed

FILE CATEGORY: 302

Endmin, you have made significant contributions. All the intel files uploaded to Dijiang have been safely archived. You are now perusing a formal response from the Endfield Intelligence Office.

We can draw the following conclusions: 

What we deemed impossible has actually happened.

From the observation logs you collected, the Aggeloi of 
Valley IV
 were kept in a "natural" state before the attack. To some degree, the random Ankhorfalls and super aggressive Aggeloi can be treated as a manifestation of that particular "system" (although the signals were weak and barely detectable). In fact, the incident is congruent with our understanding of the "Aggeloid" phenomenon that stood true for 150 years. And since the Aggeloi is a phenomenon and not an evolving or changing lifeform (though individual mutations and variants have been observed), these observations have been classified as expected and normal.

However, you have personally experienced the Incursion of Valley IV itself as well as its repercussions. Like us and our other allies, all of us have made unambiguous observations of Aggeloi and humans attacking a single target as a united force. Or to put simply, humanity has "fought alongside" the Aggeloi. This is theoretically improbable as we have long treated the weak Aggeloid signals (that we believe are used by the Aggeloi for communicating with each other) to be completely undecipherable, even when we applied the algorithmic engines of that particular "system". Our attempts to commune with the Aggeloi or to render them harmless have also failed.

The impossible has happened. So where does the problem lie? Is it the fact that it actually happened, or the fact that we had treated it as impossible? I believe you have the correct answer, 
Endministrator
.

We cannot tame the dust storms to fight battles for us, but we did domesticate animals and issue orders to drones created by our Originium Arts.

What is the Aggelos to 
Nefarith
? Is it a dust storm, or a creature she managed to domesticate?

The Intel Office believes that we should have the same answers.

We should keep an eye out for the whereabouts of Aleksandr Abashin. He has not returned to any UWST site in Valley IV nor has he responded to calls from the UWST. He did bring along some UWST equipment that is still functioning. We shall notify you of any new findings and updates.

We would also like to share some new intel before we conclude this communication. According to our ongoing investigations of the Bonekrushers, we believe that Nefarith has at least one unidentified supporter. This supporter may have something to do with the Aggeloi that attacked Valley IV.

Endministrator, no matter what Nefarith and her Landbreakers were aiming for, we must do everything we can to stop their next move. Everyone at the Intel Office believes you are well prepared for this.

■■■■, ■■/■■



― Aggeloid Activity in Valley IV




Aggeloi. It's a strange little thing. No one knows much about their value. We have tamed and domesticated burdenbeasts. They now serve as a mode of transport and travel. But why couldn't we ride the Aggeloi? I understand that we don't know anything about their "halo" but someone has to make the first move.

Let's change our mindset for the time being. Too many of us treat the Aggeloi as cold, unliving machines but this idea is shackling our creativity. They are LIFE! LIFE is the vision of Aggeloid sciences! Think about it. We're in an alien world. Like our primal yet legendary ancestors, we shall conquer these creatures and domesticate them. We must approach the Aggeloi, study their ecology, and turn them into an integral part of our daily lives and production activities... Doesn't that sound romantic to you?

It should be simple to make an Aggeloi work for us. You must have seen comedic sketches where they dangle a carrot before a hungry burdenbeast and the poor animal would work at its master's whim... I know this idea may be laughable, but this is undoubtedly the easiest and most efficient means of using the Aggeloi. We must find the part of an Aggelos responsible for controlling its movements and navigation, then interface with this part using a piece of human technology to establish control over the creature.

The inexplicable disappearance of the Aggeloid halo is the biggest challenge of my project as it also causes the entire Aggelos to collapse into pieces of rock. I believe the halo is the cause of this. This thing is just too esoteric. I boldly propose that the halo is the absolute core of the Aggeloi. If so, should we then treat the halo as the actual living entity governing a mechanical body bound to it by rational laws? How should we commune with it? Should we find a means of extricating the halo from its physical shell? Perhaps I should look for my friends in the 
Cabal
. After all, they are the professionals of software technology.

Not many people could understand the aim of my research but I don't mind. Every great scientist was a pioneer who marched alone and ahead of everyone else.

PS: I also shared these ideas with a few people, including 
Andre
 and 
Yvonne
. I think there are enough of us to formally apply for a research team. "Æther Family PLUS Scientists" sounds like a nice name.



― Scribbled Designs


Navigation


View or edit this template
Setting
Overview


Talos-II


OMV Dijiang


Originium


Ætherside


Blight


Race


Cosmic Gate


Terra


First Aggeloi War


Civilization Band


Automated Industry Complex
 (AIC)


Protocol-Originium


Xiranite


Reconveners


Landbreakers


Nefarith


Aggeloi


Factions


Endfield Industries


Rhodes Island


United Workers' Syndicates of Talos-II
 (UWST)


Hongshan Academy of Sciences
 (HAS)


Talos-II General Chamber of Commerce
 (TGCC)


Order of Steel Oath


Cabal of Tranquility


Hannabit Circuit


Seš'qa


Samifjod


Free Cities

La Fantoma


Kjersch


Alloycarrot


New Wrankwood


Neo Tsukushi


Manufacturers


Raythean Industries


Mieszko Industries


Northmarch Support Hub


Portable Æthertech Labs


Fort Forgefane


Witching Hour


Locations


Valley IV


Wuling


Wuling City


Talos City


Mat' Gorodov


Industrial Mothership









