URL: https://endfield.wiki.gg/wiki/AIC

 
The Automated Industry Complex, or the AIC, is the embodiment of the Endfield vision for the frontiers.


The 
Automated Industry Complex (AIC)
 is one of the key technologies of 
Endfield Industries
, and represents the successful miniaturization and modularization of industrial production machinery. A small team of professionals armed with the AIC technology can quickly deploy a fully functional automated production line.



Contents




1
 
Overview




1.1
 
Protocol Automation-Core






2
 
Function




2.1
 
AIC Factory Plan


2.2
 
Facilities


2.3
 
Depot






3
 
Navigation






Overview


The AIC is one of the key technologies of Endfield Industries, and represents the successful miniaturization and modularization of industrial production machinery. A small team of professionals armed with the AIC technology can quickly deploy a fully functional automated production line.

The earliest design principles of the AIC were already proposed even before the pioneers of 
Talos-II
 departed from 
Terra
. The traditional approach involved moving entire City Plates to relocate production lines. In contrast, portable and modular processing facilities that can be deployed according to specific needs were regarded as the next stage in the advancement of Originium industries and production.


This proposal was deemed extremely suitable for the environments of Talos-II. To convert theory into reality, Endfield committed vast amounts of R&D resources. Years of repeated testing, redesigns, and reiterations carried out at the joint Endfield-UWST Hub Base finally achieved a current build capable of satisfying most production requirements. The field deployment authority of the AIC is now granted to the 
Endministrator
.
― "Automated Industry Complex", Nexus Files


Protocol Automation-Core


The Protocol Automation-Core (PAC) is the heart of the Automated Industry Complex (AIC) Factory. Every Endfield power grid facility in the region must ultimately link back to the PAC.
― "Protocol Automation-Core (PAC)", Tutorial


Protocol Automation-Core (PAC)
 are the main facility that serves as the center of all AIC-related activity in that region. PAC grants player many gameplay functions, such as AIC Facility, Power Grid, Regional Depot, etc. Each region will one PAC and each 
Outpost
 will have one Sub-PAC, all of which shares the same regional features. Player may use PAC or Sub-PAC as a teleport point and access point to the Depot.



Function


The AIC is used to produce 
AIC Products
 and 
Usable Items
 for operator progression, trading, and providing power for every facilities in the region via 
 
Relay Tower
.

Every region has its own Protocol Capacity. Placing facilities outside the PAC Area will use up this Capacity, and different facilities use up different amounts of Capacity. When a regional Protocol Capacity has been maxed, 
no more facilities
 can be placed in that region. Protocol Capacity, Zipline limit, Combat facilitiy limit, and mineral purity can be raised by increaseing the Regional Development Level.



AIC Factory Plan


Main article: 
AIC Factory Plan


Facilities


When setting up the AIC, player can select facilities in the Backpack to place them. While inside the PAC Area, player may use facilities in their Depot. Player can also drag facilities from the Backpack or Depot into the hotbar, which player can then enabled AIC mode and select the facilities in the hotbar to place them. Player can also use the Facility List to quickly find and place available facilities. If more facility are needed, enter the PAC Area and use the Facility List to construct them.

While interacting with the relevant facilities, player can drag items from the Backpack or Depot into the facility. If the facility has the proper formula for processing the items, it will do so accordingly. Production facilities have various production formulas. Open the facility details panel to view all production formulas available. If items placed in the facility satisfy the inputs of any formula, the facility will use it to start production. Each facility can only use one production formula at any given time. Once facilities finish processing the items, player can retrieve the products and place them in the Backpack or Depot. 

Every AIC facility is constructed at the PAC. To construct a facility, player must have the template of the facility. These can be acquired by researching certain AIC technologies at the AIC Factory Plan. To move a facility, open the facility details panel, then click on the move button to move it. Alternatively, press and hold the facility to move them. While moving them, player can also rotate facilities to adjust the positions of the input and output ports. Transport belts cannot be moved in this manner and can only be move by using Bulk Action which are available in the Top View mode.
To stash a facility in the Backpack or Depot, open the facility details panel, then click the [Stash] button. Alternatively, use Bulk Action mode which are available in the Top View mode to stash multiple facilities and transport belts at once.

Each region's PAC have its own power grid which provides 
power capacity
 for every facilities in that region. By default, each region start out at 200 power capacity. In order to raise the power grid capacity, player must place down a 
Thermal Bank
, connect it to the power grid, then supply them with the appropriate resource. 



Resourcing


Logistics Units


Depot Access


Production I


Production II


Power


Miscellaneous


Combat & Support


Planting


Depot


Each region's PAC has its own Depot. Managing items in each region's Depot are available at that region's 
TP Point
, 
Easy Stash
, and through the Backpack while within the PAC Area. When aboard 
OMV Dijiang
, player may manage every Regional Depot by manually switch between each region. Player may also enter the Protocol Management menu by interacting with the PAC to use the Regional Transfer to move items from one Regional Depot to another. Once activated, regional transfer will continuously transfer goods and items to the destination every 1 hour. When unlocked, player may transfer items from Metastorage instead, which will not reduce the stockpile upon transferring.

The PAC, Sub-PAC, and most production facilities have input and output ports. Connect transport belts to the output port to automatically move items out of the facility or Depot. Connect transport belts to the input port to move items into the facility or Depot. In Wuling, some facilities may also have fluid mode, which add a input and output ports for fluid, which can be connect to 
Pipes
 to automatically move liquids in and out of the relevant facilities. Switching between normal mode and fluid mode will also change the formulas available to that facilities.

The PAC output ports are connected to the Depot. To use an output port, open the details panel of the output port, select the item, then connect it to the transport belt to automatically move the selected item out of the Depot.



Navigation


View or edit this template
Setting
Overview


Talos-II


OMV Dijiang


Originium


Ætherside


Blight


Race


Cosmic Gate


Terra


First Aggeloi War


Civilization Band


Automated Industry Complex
 (AIC)


Protocol-Originium


Xiranite


Reconveners


Landbreakers


Nefarith


Aggeloi


Factions


Endfield Industries


Rhodes Island


United Workers' Syndicates of Talos-II
 (UWST)


Hongshan Academy of Sciences
 (HAS)


Talos-II General Chamber of Commerce
 (TGCC)


Order of Steel Oath


Cabal of Tranquility


Hannabit Circuit


Seš'qa


Samifjod


Free Cities

La Fantoma


Kjersch


Alloycarrot


New Wrankwood


Neo Tsukushi


Manufacturers


Raythean Industries


Mieszko Industries


Northmarch Support Hub


Portable Æthertech Labs


Fort Forgefane


Witching Hour


Locations


Valley IV


Wuling


Wuling City


Talos City


Mat' Gorodov


Industrial Mothership









