URL: https://endfield.wiki.gg/wiki/Hongshan_Academy_of_Sciences_(HAS)

Updated for Beta Test II
The information on this page has been verified and updated to reflect the game state as of 
Beta Test II
.


Hongshan Academy of Sciences
Full name

Affiliated Hongshan Academy of Sciences of Tianshi Bureau of Great Yan
Part of


Band Accord
General Information
Type

Research Institution
Capital


Hongshan City
Predecessor


Yan


Food security in the 
Civilization Band
 is almost single-handedly guaranteed by the Hongshan Academy of Sciences (HAS).
― Loading screen tip


The 
Hongshan Academy of Sciences (HAS)
, formally known as the 
Affiliated Hongshan Academy of Sciences of Tianshi Bureau of Great Yan
, is a faction on 
Talos-II
.  Established in the aftermath of the 
First Aggeloi War
 by a team of 
Tianshis
 originally dispatched from 
Yan
, Hongshan has evolved into a vast research institution specializing in agriculture and cutting-edge scientific research.

Despite the loss of the 
Cosmic Gate
 and the severance from 
Terra
, the Hongshan Academy of Sciences continues to identify itself as an institution subordinate to the Tianshi Bureau of Yan. This position is reflected in its formal name and in the administrative practices it maintains. As the HAS expanded and established additional Scientific Developmental Districts, it was unable to create any governing body that would implicitly outrank or replicate the authority of the Tianshi Bureau. For this reason, regional branches are organized as Tianshi Bureau Academies rather than as independent Tianshi Bureaus. 

The 
Wuling Tianshi Bureau Academy
 is a notable example, existing as an institution that operates under the provisional authority of the HAS, and its activities continue to be recorded as reports intended for the imperial court of Yan. These documents remain stored in the archives, intended to be forwarded to Terra should communication ever be restored.



Contents




1
 
Overview


2
 
Notable people


3
 
Locations


4
 
Navigation






Overview


The HAS is the largest and most professional integrated R&D campus of Talos-II. While the HAS continues to feed almost the entirety of the Civilization Band and enrich the bread baskets of the planet, the Academy also made rapid and tremendous progress in various fields of emerging sciences.

The foundation of the HAS was laid down by a surveillance team from Yan dispatched to Talos-II. During the few short hours after the 
First Aggeloi War
 broke out, these Tianshis had the chance to return to Terra via the 
Cosmic Gate
 but they chose to stay and join the battle. This decision resulted in them being stranded on Talos-II with the other pioneers. Since these Tianshis treated themselves as representatives of the Tianshi Bureau, the Hongshan Crater discovered afterwards was bequeathed to these Tianshis to serve as the site of their new bureau. Since the Crater was extremely habitable, large scientific complexes and hydroponic facilities were built in this area. The region formally registered as the Hongshan Academy of Sciences days before the signing of the Band Accord.


To date, the HAS continues to call itself an R&D institution of Yan and govern its territories as such. It has established specialized ministries for raising livestock and crops. Occasionally, the HAS would receive criticism for its extremely strict standards of admissions and chronic shortage of Tianshis. However, the HAS has always responded by repeating its compliance with the provisions of the Band Accord. Given such commitment to the quality, professionalism, and skills of its graduates, HAS scientists are very respected by the Talosians.
― "Hongshan Academy of Sciences", Nexus Files


Notable people












Locations


Hongshan City


Wuling City
: A key research base within the 
Wuling Scientific Developmental District
, functioning as the region's sole major settlement.


Navigation


View or edit this template
Setting
Overview


Talos-II


OMV Dijiang


Originium


Ætherside


Blight


Race


Cosmic Gate


Terra


First Aggeloi War


Civilization Band


Automated Industry Complex
 (AIC)


Protocol-Originium


Xiranite


Reconveners


Landbreakers


Nefarith


Aggeloi


Factions


Endfield Industries


Rhodes Island


United Workers' Syndicates of Talos-II
 (UWST)


Hongshan Academy of Sciences
 (HAS)


Talos-II General Chamber of Commerce
 (TGCC)


Order of Steel Oath


Cabal of Tranquility


Hannabit Circuit


Seš'qa


Samifjod


Free Cities

La Fantoma


Kjersch


Alloycarrot


New Wrankwood


Neo Tsukushi


Manufacturers


Raythean Industries


Mieszko Industries


Northmarch Support Hub


Portable Æthertech Labs


Fort Forgefane


Witching Hour


Locations


Valley IV


Wuling


Wuling City


Talos City


Mat' Gorodov


Industrial Mothership









