URL: https://endfield.wiki.gg/wiki/Reconveners

Updated for Beta Test II
The information on this page has been verified and updated to reflect the game state as of 
Beta Test II
.


Reconveners
In Other Languages
Chinese


再旅者
Japanese


再旅者
Korean


리컨비너


Overview


ACCESS AUTHORITY LEVEL: 8

OPTICAL ID: Not required for Authority Level 8 access

BUG/WIRE SCAN: Passed

FILE CATEGORY: 302

The Endfield HR database has a list of special operators whose profiles are managed separately and locked behind an incredibly high Authority Level. These special operators have the right to directly communicate with senior corporate officers of 
Endfield Industries
, and all of them are special 
Rhodes Island
 liaisons working at Endfield pursuant to the 
Framework Agreement on Special Technical Roles and Co-Operation Between Endfield Industries and Rhodes Island Pharmaceuticals
. Most of these operators usually do not work at Endfield facilities and do not carry out Endfield assignments on a regular basis. Instead, they are often involved in various roles throughout 
Talos-II
.

These special operators are also known by an esoteric title: 
Reconveners
.

The First Originium crystal that traversed the 
Æthergate
 to arrive at Talos-II was contaminated in the final battle of the First Aggeloi War. The very fundamental nature of the info-crystal was damaged, causing degradation in its properties. Despite the contamination, several intact data shards remained within the chaos of its 
Assimilated Universe
. Should anyone wish to navigate the corrupted data streams within, these shards can be perceived as a never-extinguishing beacon of blinding light.

To achieve various objectives, both the 
Endministrator
 and 
M3
 tacitly allowed 
Warfarin
 (the leader of Rhodes Island at that time), to conduct emergency repairs and decontamination of the First Originium. For reasons unknown, the reversing nature of Æther was greatly slowed near the data vein. When Warfarin deciphered this data vein, Depth readings of a data shard underwent a spontaneous spike as it decrypted from the Assimilated Universe into realspace.

The first Reconvener arrived by accident and without the Endministrator's knowledge. Warfarin was also unprepared for the arrival. Thus far, every Reconvener who left the Originium Woods has been friendly and willing to work with Rhodes Island and the Endministrator. All of them also seem capable of realizing that they are a unique individual, despite sharing partial knowledge of the life experiences and interpersonal relationships stemming with "distant" memories of Terra. Such knowledge also allows Reconveners to use skills and abilities wielded by their original counterparts.

Warfarin later found a way to commune with the data shards. Despite the concerns of others aware of their existence, she began to actively explore the Originium Woods. Warfarin encountered data shards willing to set foot on Talos-II, and thus she designed a process to better lead them out of the Woods and enter the new world. Many Reconveners arrived at Talos-II while the Endministrator hibernated. The Reconveners began exploring the world and seeking their own destinies, and they did so with the goal of assisting the Endministrator in mind.

Leading Reconveners out of the Woods is essentially an act of creation. Warfarin bore the responsibilities for her actions though she would occasionally vent out her frustrations to Endfielders who knew of this project. After every stress-fueled episode, she would remind everyone how years* of extensive experience taught her that everything was worth its while. *NOTE: The years of extensive experience Warfarin claims to have are subject to change, with the figure being 500 years a century ago, 300 years half a century ago, and dropping to 20 years in her most recent claims.

Any Rhodes Islander and Endfielder is willing to trust in the beacon of the Woods as well as the wills that followed the light and emerged from the roiling chaos.

I believe so too.




― "Reconveners", Nexus Files


Navigation


View or edit this template
Setting
Overview


Talos-II


OMV Dijiang


Originium


Ætherside


Blight


Race


Cosmic Gate


Terra


First Aggeloi War


Civilization Band


Automated Industry Complex
 (AIC)


Protocol-Originium


Xiranite


Reconveners


Landbreakers


Nefarith


Aggeloi


Factions


Endfield Industries


Rhodes Island


United Workers' Syndicates of Talos-II
 (UWST)


Hongshan Academy of Sciences
 (HAS)


Talos-II General Chamber of Commerce
 (TGCC)


Order of Steel Oath


Cabal of Tranquility


Hannabit Circuit


Seš'qa


Samifjod


Free Cities

La Fantoma


Kjersch


Alloycarrot


New Wrankwood


Neo Tsukushi


Manufacturers


Raythean Industries


Mieszko Industries


Northmarch Support Hub


Portable Æthertech Labs


Fort Forgefane


Witching Hour


Locations


Valley IV


Wuling


Wuling City


Talos City


Mat' Gorodov


Industrial Mothership









