URL: https://endfield.wiki.gg/wiki/Talos-II

Updated for Beta Test II
The information on this page has been verified and updated to reflect the game state as of 
Beta Test II
.


Talos-II
Appearances


Arknights: Endfield
In Other Languages
Chinese


塔卫二
Japanese


タロⅡ
Korean


탈로스 II
General Information
Type

Moon


Talos-II
 is the primary setting of 
Arknights: Endfield
. Although commonly considered a planet by its inhabitants, Talos-II is in fact the second moon of the gas giant 
Talos
.



Contents




1
 
Overview


2
 
Features




2.1
 
Aurora of Talos-II


2.2
 
Ætherside


2.3
 
Blight






3
 
Navigation






Overview


Talos-II is a natural satellite of the gas giant named Talos.

The frontiersmates from 
Terra
 re-opened the 
Cosmic Gate
 and first stepped foot upon this moon 152 years ago. Talos-II has a nitrogen-rich atmosphere, enough oxygen for life, and sufficient greenhouse gases to keep it warm. However, the alien sun and the massive gas giant that looms in the skies are constant reminders for the pioneers and the countless light-years that exist between their current location and their distant homes.

Fortunately, the great mountain ranges, crisscrossing river systems, and rich vegetation cover nurtured a rather resilient biosphere. After the Cosmic Gate collapsed, the Terrans survived on Talos-II for well over a century. Natural resources have been essential to supporting the livelihood of local populations. For generations, the stranded Terrans and their descendants built and expanded various outposts and towns across this world and created new footholds for civilization.

According to astronomical observations, there are an undisclosed number of natural satellites besides Talos-II orbiting around the gas giant, but only the latter is habitable. Given the unique position of Talos-II in this star system as well as the presence of the Cosmic Gate, we have reasons to believe that this habitable environment was not a coincidental gift of the Universe.



― "Talos-II", Nexus Files


Features


Aurora of Talos-II




During the very first hour after the 
First Aggeloi War
 broke out, 
Endfield Industries
 received numerous witness reports of strange "cascading veils of light" appearing in northern Talos-II. The full extent of the strange lights was only documented after the successful launch of 
OMV Dijiang
 into its artificial orbit. People will call this veil of light the Aurora of Talos-II for over a hundred years afterwards.

According to mainstream belief, the Aurora of Talos-II comprises 2 parts. The first being the lower portion of the Aurora that exhibits structural and energy profiles similar to those of the Terran 
Starpod
, essentially making this lower portion the Auroral Barrier (though this assumption remains controversial). Fortunately, the Auroral Barrier only surrounds the north polar region and several isolated pockets of Talos-II and does not envelope the entire world like it did on Terra. The second part is the Æther Tide that stretches from the ceiling and origin of the Auroral Barrier to its outer envelope. This Tide would appear as the static Aurora visible to the unaided eye. Æther bursts and flares occur on a regular basis within the Aurora as it spreads from the north pole of Talos-II, leaving powerful Active Blight phenomena in wake.

For the last century or so, multiple attempts to approach the polar north with auto-drones have failed. No orbital deployment systems have succeeded in breaching the Auroral Barrier, and no low altitude aerial vehicles are capable of surviving the intense Auroral Blight. Hosts of 
Aggeloi
 active in the Auroral Region are extremely protective of areas surrounded by the veils of light. It is essentially impossible to traverse these areas by land.

The Terran aurora is a natural phenomenon only visible in northern 
Ursus
 and 
Sami
. However, Talosians have realized that the Aurora of Talos-II is a ticking clock for humanity's existence on this moon.



― "Aurora of Talos-II", Nexus Files


Ætherside


Main article: 
Ætherside




Blight


Main article: 
Blight




Navigation


View or edit this template
Setting
Overview


Talos-II


OMV Dijiang


Originium


Ætherside


Blight


Race


Cosmic Gate


Terra


First Aggeloi War


Civilization Band


Automated Industry Complex
 (AIC)


Protocol-Originium


Xiranite


Reconveners


Landbreakers


Nefarith


Aggeloi


Factions


Endfield Industries


Rhodes Island


United Workers' Syndicates of Talos-II
 (UWST)


Hongshan Academy of Sciences
 (HAS)


Talos-II General Chamber of Commerce
 (TGCC)


Order of Steel Oath


Cabal of Tranquility


Hannabit Circuit


Seš'qa


Samifjod


Free Cities

La Fantoma


Kjersch


Alloycarrot


New Wrankwood


Neo Tsukushi


Manufacturers


Raythean Industries


Mieszko Industries


Northmarch Support Hub


Portable Æthertech Labs


Fort Forgefane


Witching Hour


Locations


Valley IV


Wuling


Wuling City


Talos City


Mat' Gorodov


Industrial Mothership









