URL: https://endfield.wiki.gg/wiki/Terra

Updated for Beta Test II
The information on this page has been verified and updated to reflect the game state as of 
Beta Test II
.


Terra
Appearances


Arknights
General Information
Type

Planet


Terra
 is the homeworld of 
Talos-II
's civilization and the setting of the original game, 
Arknights
.



Overview




Terra is a distant planet, the home of the present civilization on 
Talos-II
 — yet the relationship between these two worlds is profoundly complex.

In the distant past, the ancestors of Terran Civilization originally inhabited Talos-II, later venturing to Terra where they built a glorious civilization amidst Catastrophes. One hundred and fifty-two years ago, they crossed through the Cosmic Gate once more, returning from Terra to Talos-II. While most celebrated this as "Paving the Way", those few who knew the historical truth would whisper another term for it — "The Homecoming".

Several years later, the 
Cosmic Gate
 was destroyed during the 
First Aggeloi War
, severing all connection between Talos-II and Terra. The surviving humanity could only reminisce about their ancestral home through fragmented records.

With an average radius approximately 1.55 times that of Talos-II, Terra bears planetary dimensions far exceeding its colonial counterpart. Yet remarkably, the cyclical rhythms of day and night, along with seasonal variations, demonstrate negligible differences between the two worlds. This synchronization is widely believed to be the result of precursor technology, an unknown mechanism that somehow calibrated both planets' rotations to match some lost celestial template. It is this mysterious harmony that allowed Talos-II's settlers to seamlessly adopt the fundamental calendar systems brought from Terra.

Terra stands as the primordial birthplace of 
Originium
, where the "Prime Veins" first emerged and vast crystalline clusters dominate the landscape. Its resource abundance dwarfs anything found on present-day Talos-II.

From the moment humanity first crossed the Cosmic Gate, scholars have tirelessly attempted to determine the celestial relationship between Terra and Talos-II through comparative astrometrics, searching the skies of Talos-II for any trace of their lost homeworld. Yet to this day, such research has made no conclusive evidence to pinpoint Terra's location among the stars.



― "Terra", Nexus Files


Navigation


View or edit this template
Setting
Overview


Talos-II


OMV Dijiang


Originium


Ætherside


Blight


Race


Cosmic Gate


Terra


First Aggeloi War


Civilization Band


Automated Industry Complex
 (AIC)


Protocol-Originium


Xiranite


Reconveners


Landbreakers


Nefarith


Aggeloi


Factions


Endfield Industries


Rhodes Island


United Workers' Syndicates of Talos-II
 (UWST)


Hongshan Academy of Sciences
 (HAS)


Talos-II General Chamber of Commerce
 (TGCC)


Order of Steel Oath


Cabal of Tranquility


Hannabit Circuit


Seš'qa


Samifjod


Free Cities

La Fantoma


Kjersch


Alloycarrot


New Wrankwood


Neo Tsukushi


Manufacturers


Raythean Industries


Mieszko Industries


Northmarch Support Hub


Portable Æthertech Labs


Fort Forgefane


Witching Hour


Locations


Valley IV


Wuling


Wuling City


Talos City


Mat' Gorodov


Industrial Mothership









