URL: https://endfield.wiki.gg/wiki/Ultimate_Energy

Ultimate Energy
 is a combat resource in 
Arknights: Endfield
.



Contents




1
 
Overview




1.1
 
Gaining Ultimate Energy


1.2
 
Ultimate Costs






2
 
Navigation






Overview


Ultimate Energy is used to cast Ultimates. Each Operator stores Ultimate Energy independently, up to a maximum value that varies between different Operators. Once this maximum is reached, the Operator's Ultimate can be cast, consuming all Ultimate Energy and placing the Ultimate on a short cooldown. The amount of Ultimate Energy stored is displayed next to the Operator’s Battle Skill as a hollow circular gauge (or a curved bar on certain devices), which fills proportionally to the stored charge.



 
Ultimates at various states displayed on the HUD when using keyboard and mouse. The Endministrator's Ultimate is fully charged and ready to be casted, while other Ultimates are only partially filled.


Gaining Ultimate Energy


There are two primary sources of Ultimate Energy:



While in combat, casting Battle Skills grants Ultimate Energy to everyone in the team at a ratio of 6.5 per 100 non-
returned
 SP spent.


Most Combo Skills grant 10 Ultimate Energy to the caster. Many offensive Combo Skills require at least one enemy hit to generate Ultimate Energy. Some multi-sequence skills distribute the Ultimate Energy gained across individual hits, for example Akekuri's 
Flash and Dash
 grants 5 Ultimate Energy per sequence hit.


Some Operators deviate from this standard:



Arclight gains only 5 Ultimate Energy from her Combo Skill


Last Rite has a special trait making her gain Ultimate Energy 
only
 from her Battle and Combo Skill. Other sources, including consumables, do not grant her Ultimate Energy.


A few Operators have Talents or Potentials that allow them to gain extra Ultimate Energy, for example Alesh's Talent "Flash-frozen for Freshness" or Estella's Potential "Survival is a Win".

Ultimates that enhance Operators, for example Laevatain's 
Twilight
 can not gain Ultimate Energy while the enchancement is active.

The stat "Ultimate Gain Efficiency" can increase the amount of Ultimate Energy gained.



Ultimate Costs


Ultimate costs typically range between 70 and 120 Ultimate Energy. However, the six-star 
Strikers
 
Laevatain
, 
Last Rite
, and 
Yvonne
 have significantly higher costs, exceeding 200. This is accompanied by significant more Ultimate Energy gained through their skills.

The cost of Ultimates can be reduced through activating certain Potentials.





Navigation
View or edit this template
Arknights: Endfield
 combat mechanics
General


Damage


Skill Points


Ultimate Energy


Attribute


Physical


Vulnerable


Lift


Knock Down


Crush


Breach


Arts
Arts Infliction


Heat Infliction


Electric Infliction


Cryo Infliction


Nature Infliction


Arts Reaction


Combustion


Electrification


Solidification


Corrosion









