URL: https://endfield.wiki.gg/wiki/UWST

Updated for Beta Test II
The information on this page has been verified and updated to reflect the game state as of 
Beta Test II
.


United Workers' Syndicates of Talos-II
The UWST is a giant union of self-governing worker syndicates and one of the largest organization of its sort in Talos-II.
Demonym

Wooster (colloquial)
In Other Languages
Chinese


联盟工团
Japanese


工業団連盟
Korean


연맹 공단
General Information
Type

Workers' Syndicates
Capital


Mat' Gorodov
Predecessor


Ursus


The 
United Workers' Syndicates of Talos-II
, commonly abbreviated as 
UWST
, is a faction on 
Talos-II
.



Contents




1
 
Overview




1.1
 
UWST Security Bureau






2
 
Locations


3
 
Navigation






Overview


The United Workers' Syndicates of Talos II (UWST) is the largest union of self-governing worker syndicates of Talos-II. It believes in the guiding law where quantitative change will transform into qualitative change. The UWST is the manufacturer of most industrial and mining machinery, facilities, and tools used in Talos-II. It is also the undisputed leader of raw materials and resource production in the new world.

The history of the UWST dates back to the Age of 
Terra
. UWST crew mates actively participated in the frontiering of Talos-II and were the very first organization to reach the new world. The UWST provided detailed and professional work planning as well as brutish yet extremely powerful fleets of machinery that were essential and instrumental during the Early Phase Expansions across Talos-II and the Rebuilding after the 
First Aggeloi War
.


The UWST of today seems hampered by its ever-growing yet inflexible organization, but they continue to cling to the UW spirit. The United Workers symbolize humanity's "construction" and "expansion" efforts. With the support of precision logistics from the 
Talos-II General Chamber of Commerce
 (TGCC) and powerful new technologies provided by the 
Hongshan Academy of Sciences
 (HAS), the UWST continues to churn out one forward base after another from the gargantuan yards of their industrial capital — 
Mat' Gorodov
. After all, the UWST is the engine that drives the expansion of the human frontier.
― "United Workers' Syndicates of Talos II", Nexus Files


UWST Security Bureau


The Security Bureau of the UWST serves as the internal department responsible for domestic security, external intelligence, special environment investigations, and monitoring compliance with the Band Accord treaties.

If you ask UWST workers "When would you see Security Bureau personnel?" you would receive three distinct answers based on generational differences. The youngest workers would say they've scarcely encountered them, only hearing about their routine visits to production bases to verify the safety of personnel and resources. Middle-aged veterans would recount how during major expansion projects, Bureau agents always participated in onsite committees to prevent external interference with operations.


The most senior workers might share a lingering rumor from earlier times. They speak of the Bureau's establishment one afternoon when the scent of blood still hung heavy in the air, not long after that inglorious war concluded. The blood on their hands secured the Union's safety and stability to this day, while ensuring any voices contradicting the Band Accord's principles vanished into the shadows of back alleys.
― "UWST Security Bureau", Nexus Files


Locations


Mat' Gorodov
: The industrial capital of the UWST.


Industrial Mothership
: Also known as 
Simonch
, the largest city of the UWST. Originally a Terran nomadic city that sank in a lake, it was later salvaged by the Ursus Empire and brought to Talos-II as an exclave.


Navigation


View or edit this template
Setting
Overview


Talos-II


OMV Dijiang


Originium


Ætherside


Blight


Race


Cosmic Gate


Terra


First Aggeloi War


Civilization Band


Automated Industry Complex
 (AIC)


Protocol-Originium


Xiranite


Reconveners


Landbreakers


Nefarith


Aggeloi


Factions


Endfield Industries


Rhodes Island


United Workers' Syndicates of Talos-II
 (UWST)


Hongshan Academy of Sciences
 (HAS)


Talos-II General Chamber of Commerce
 (TGCC)


Order of Steel Oath


Cabal of Tranquility


Hannabit Circuit


Seš'qa


Samifjod


Free Cities

La Fantoma


Kjersch


Alloycarrot


New Wrankwood


Neo Tsukushi


Manufacturers


Raythean Industries


Mieszko Industries


Northmarch Support Hub


Portable Æthertech Labs


Fort Forgefane


Witching Hour


Locations


Valley IV


Wuling


Wuling City


Talos City


Mat' Gorodov


Industrial Mothership









