URL: https://endfield.wiki.gg/wiki/Weapon

Updated for Zeroth Directive
The information on this page has been verified and updated to reflect the game state as of 
Zeroth Directive
.


Weapons
 are one of the core pieces of Equipment for 
Operators
 in 
Arknights: Endfield
, together with 
Gears
.





Contents




1
 
Overview




1.1
 
Obtaining






2
 
Progression




2.1
 
Level


2.2
 
Tuning


2.3
 
Potential


2.4
 
Essence










Overview


Each Operator has a predefined Weapon type that they can use, all Weapons of other different types cannot be equipped. While a Weapon can only be equipped by one Operator at a time, regardless of whether they are on the active team or not, Weapons can be freely swapped around between different Operators and the Inventory.

A significant proportion of an Operator's Base ATK comes from their equipped Weapon, with higher rarity Weapons generally providing a higher Base ATK than lower rarity ones. Weapons also have three Skills: The first is a generic 
Attribute
 buff, and the second is an buff for Secondardy Stats, such as HP, Crit Rate or a specific damage type. The third Skill is unique to each Weapon and usually grants a positive effect under certain conditions such as restoring HP or giving a ATK buff to the entire team after applying 
Electrification
. Note that 3★ Weapons do not have a third Skill, and that the Attribute and Secondary Stats Skills on lower rarity Weapons are generally weaker than those found on 6★ Weapons, marked by a [S] on 4★ Weapons and a [M] for 5★ Weapons.

Equipping a Weapon which Skills align with those of the Operator is crucial for achieving better combat results. For instance, a Weapon that increases Strength and Heat damage should, in most cases, only be used by Operators who have Strength as their Main or Secondary Attribute and can actually deal Heat damage.

Currently, there are five Weapon types:



Sword: The typical melee weapon, mostly used by Guards.


Great Sword: More heavier weapon with a slower attack speed, but deals more 
Stagger
; Used by most Defender Operators.


Polearm: Lighter weapon for Operators that rely on skills.


Handcannon: One of the ranged weapons that is used by Operators relying on Arts Reactions.


Arts Unit: A spherical, drone-looking ranged weapon mostly used by Casters and Supports.


Obtaining


While most of the Weapons can only be obtained via 
Arsenal Exchange
, 3★ Weapons are only obtained when recruiting a new Operator, all 4★ Weapons can be found during exploration by opening Crates, and a few selected 5★ Weapons can be purchased from 
Stock Redistribution
. Special 
Weapon Supply
 items allow the player to choose a Weapon from a selection.



Progression


Level


Raising a Weapon's level significantly increases its Attack stat which can be done by giving it Experience using Weapon Progression Materials and/or other Weapons. Upgrading beyond level 10 also requires 
 
T-Creds
. The maximum level a Weapon can reach is 90, but there are several level caps along the way. Upon reaching a level cap, the Weapon needs to be 
tuned
 first, before it can be leveled again. All weapons have the same costs to level up, regardless of their rarity.

It is worth noting that, although higher levels require an increasing amount of Experience and 
 
T-Creds
, the amount of Attack Power gained remains the same. For example, upgrading a 
 
Mountain Bearer
 from level 10 to 11 increases its ATK from 96 to 101 and upgrading it from level 79 to 80 increases its ATK from 444 to 449. In both cases it gained 5 ATK, but the last mentioned level up needs more than 300 times the amount of Experience compared to the level up from 10 to 11.

The Experience amounts provided by different Items and Weapons are as follows:



Items

 
Arms Inspector
 provide 200 Weapon EXP


 
Arms INSP Kit
 provide 1,000 Weapon EXP


 
Arms INSP Set
 provide 10,000 Weapon EXP


Weapons

 Weapons provide 500 Weapon EXP


 Weapons provide 1,500 Weapon EXP


 Weapons provide 10,000 Weapon EXP


 Weapons provide 30,000 Weapon EXP


Weapons used as material will grant its base EXP (based on rarity) and any invested EXP into the upgrading Weapon, and refund any invested 
 
T-Creds
 (but not Tuning Materials). A Weapon with increased Potential will not provide more EXP than one of the same level but with less Potential.
Also, any excess EXP above a Level cap gets partially returned in increments of 200 EXP. For example, upgrading a Weapon from level 19 to 20 using 
1 
 
Arms INSP Set
 would provide 10,000 EXP out of the 1,900 needed, returning 
8 
 
Arms INSP Kit
 worth 8000 EXP.

These are the cumulative costs to upgrade a Weapon to a specific level from level 1:



Level 20: 8,890 EXP and 640 T-Creds


Level 40: 105,540 EXP and 10,400 T-Creds


Level 60: 290,540 EXP and 29,010 T-Creds


Level 80: 1,203,710 EXP and 123,850 T-Creds


Level 90: 2,524,080 EXP and 341,390 T-Creds


Tuning


All Weapons start at Tuning Stage 0 with an initial level cap of 20. Once a Weapon has reached its level cap, it can be tuned using Tuning Materials to raise the level cap and also improve the Weapon's Skills.

Each Tuning Stage increases the upper rank limits of a Weapon's first and second Skill by 1. Additionally, at T1 and T3, the first Skill's base rank and upper rank limit are increased by an extra level, while at T2 and T4, the same applies to the second Skill. In total, tuning a Weapon to T4 increases both its first and second skills by 2 ranks each and raises their rank limits by 6.
For 3★ Weapons, only the first Skill is upgraded.







Tuning



Level cap



Cost





Stage 0



20



-





Stage 1



40



5
 
3
 
2.2K






Stage 2



60



18
 
5
 
8.5K






Stage 3



80



20
 
5
 
25K






Stage 4



90



30
 
90K
and Weapon specific materials:
16x Rare Progression Material
8x Minerals



Potential




















A Weapon's Potential can be upgraded to increase the base and upper rank limit of its third Skill. For 3★ weapons, the second Skill is improved instead.
Weapons have six stages of Potential, starting at 0 and ending at 5, denoted by white lines going counterclockwise that gradually form an inverted pentagram, with a yellow overlay indicating the next level. Weapon Potentials can be increased by using duplicates of the same Weapon, raising the Potential by one for each Weapon used. Using a Weapon which Potential has already been increased to upgrade another Weapon will transfer the increased Potential to the upgraded Weapon. A 
 
Protocolized Weapon Pattern
 can also be used for certain Weapons to increase their Potential.

Each Potential upgrade increases the Weapon's last Skill base rank and maximum rank by one. In total, upgrading a Weapon's Potential to maximum increases its last Skill by 5 ranks and raises that skill's rank limit from 4 to 9.

Upgrading a 6-star Weapon to its full Potential also changes its appearance.



Essence


Main article: 
Essence


Defeated Enemies may drop reactive substances called Essences. These items can be infused into a Weapon to enhance its Weapon Skills.

Each Essence carries several potential Weapon Skill upgrades. Infusing a Weapon with a Essence will increase the level of the Weapon Skills that match the ones from the Essence. Higher rarity Essences usually provide higher leveled Weapon Skills than lower rarity ones. Before infusion, players can preview the effects the Essence will grant.

An Essence can only be attached to one Weapon at a time. However, it can be unequipped and freely transferred to another Weapon at any point.

Equipping a Weapon with an Essence that matches all its Weapon Skills also changes its appearance, by adding a small animated glowing part.



View or edit this template
Weapons
Sword
Eminent Repute


Forgeborn Scathe


Rapid Ascent


White Night Nova


Never Rest


Grand Vision


Thermite Cutter


Umbral Torch


Sundering Steel


Fortmaker


Aspirant


OBJ Edge of Lightness


Twelve Questions


Finchaser 3.0


Wave Tide


Contingent Measure


Tarr 11
Great Sword
Former Finery


Sundered Prince


Thunderberge


Exemplar


Khravengger


OBJ Heavy Burden


Finishing Call


Ancient Canal


Seeker of Dark Lung


Industry 0.1


Quencher


Darhoff 7
Polearm
JET


Mountain Bearer


Valiant


Cohesive Traction


Chimeric Justice


OBJ Razorhorn


Pathfinder's Beacon


Aggeloslayer


Opero 77
Handcannon
Clannibal


Wedge


Navigator


Artzy Tyrannical


Rational Farewell


Opus: The Living


OBJ Velocitous


Howling Guard


Long Road


Peco 5
Arts Unit
Chivalric Virtues


Detonation Unit


Oblivion


Opus: Etch Figure


Dreams of the Starry Beach


Delivery Guaranteed


OBJ Arts Identifier


Freedom to Proselytize


Wild Wanderer


Monaihe


Stanza of Memorials


Florescent Roc


Hypernova Auto


Jiminy 12







